Hey everyone, thanks for joining the call.

No problem, happy to be here. How’s it going, John?

Pretty good, Emma. Just trying to keep up with everything. How about you, Matt?

I’m good, John. Busy as always, but nothing too crazy. What’s on the agenda today?

I wanted to discuss the new project we’re kicking off next week. Emma, you’re going to lead the design team, right?

Yes, I am. I’ve already started brainstorming some ideas. I think we can really make this project stand out.

That’s great to hear. Matt, how’s the development side looking?

We’re in good shape. I’ve got the team prepped and we’ve set up all the initial frameworks. We should be able to hit the ground running.

Awesome. I think communication will be key here, so let’s make sure we’re all on the same page. Emma, do you need anything from the development team to get started?

Actually, yes. Matt, could you send over the latest specs and requirements? I want to make sure our designs align perfectly with what you need.

Absolutely, I’ll get those to you by the end of the day.

Perfect, thanks. John, do we have a timeline for the initial milestones?

Yes, I’ve put together a tentative schedule. I’ll share it with both of you after this call. We’ll have weekly check-ins to make sure we’re on track.

Sounds good to me. I think having those regular updates will really help.

Agreed. I think we can accomplish a lot if we stay organized and communicate well.

Definitely. Is there anything else we need to cover today?

Just one more thing. Emma, I wanted to discuss the user testing phase. Do you have any ideas on how we should approach it?

Yes, I was thinking we could recruit a small group of beta testers from our existing customer base. Get some real-world feedback before we launch.

That’s a great idea. Matt, do you think your team can support that?

For sure. We can set up a beta environment and handle any feedback or issues that come up.

Excellent. I think we’re all set then. Let’s make this project a success.

Sounds like a plan. Thanks for organizing this, John.

No problem. Thanks for your input, both of you. Let’s do this!

Alright, talk to you both soon.

Bye, John. Bye, Matt.

Talk to you later, Emma. Bye, John.